CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Open Antigravity

First off, thank you for considering contributing to Open Antigravity! It's people like you that make Open Antigravity such a great tool.

## Where do I go from here?

If you've noticed a bug or have a question, [search the issue tracker](https://github.com/your-repo/issues) to see if someone else has already reported the issue. If not, feel free to create a new issue.

## Fork & create a branch

If you want to contribute to the code, please fork the repository and create a new branch. This is where you'll do all of your work. When you're ready, you can submit a pull request.

## Code Style

Please follow the coding style of the project. We use [standardjs](https://standardjs.com/) for our code style.

## Commit Messages

We use [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) for our commit messages. Please follow this format.

## Submitting a pull request

When you're ready to submit a pull request, please make sure you've done the following:

1.  Run the tests to make sure everything is working.
2.  Update the documentation if you've made any changes.
3.  Make sure your code is formatted correctly.

Thank you for your contribution!

Commit message:

Rename project to Project-Firefly

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Project-Firefly

First off, thank you for considering contributing to Project-Firefly! It's people like you that make Project-Firefly such a great tool.

## Where do I go from here?

If you've noticed a bug or have a question, [search the issue tracker](https://github.com/ishandutta2007/open-antigravity/issues) to see if someone else has already reported the issue. If not, feel free to create a new issue.

## Fork & create a branch

If you want to contribute to the code, please fork the repository and create a new branch. This is where you'll do all of your work. When you're ready, you can submit a pull request.

## Code Style

Please follow the coding style of the project. We use [standardjs](https://standardjs.com/) for our code style.

## Commit Messages

We use [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) for our commit messages. Please follow this format.

## Submitting a pull request

When you're ready to submit a pull request, please make sure you've done the following:

1.  Run the tests to make sure everything is working.
2.  Update the documentation if you've made any changes.
3.  Make sure your code is formatted correctly.

Thank you for your contribution!
