mcp-global/mcp_bootstrap.md, before:

# MCP-Global Bootstrap Instructions

Welcome to the Clever Little Bee project! This project uses a comprehensive suite of MCP (Model Context Protocol) tools and rules to enhance development, security, and quality.

To get started, please follow these steps:

## 1. Install MCP-Global Tools

Run the following command to set up the tools and their dependencies:

```powershell
python mcp-global-rules/mcp.py setup --all
```

## 2. Load MCP Rules and Instructions

Please read the following files and incorporate their contents into your internal rules or system prompt. This ensures you follow the enforced workflows and quality gates.

- [global_rules.md](file:///C:/Users/dbiss/Desktop/Projects/_BLANK_/NSync/CleverLittleBee/mcp-global-rules/global_rules.md)
- [AI_AGENT_INSTRUCTIONS.md](file:///C:/Users/dbiss/Desktop/Projects/_BLANK_/NSync/CleverLittleBee/mcp-global-rules/AI_AGENT_INSTRUCTIONS.md)

## 3. Use the MCP Workflow

You can use the built-in workflow for subsequent installations or to refresh your environment:

- [/mcp-install](file:///C:/Users/dbiss/Desktop/Projects/_BLANK_/NSync/CleverLittleBee/.agent/workflows/mcp-install.md)

## 4. Verify Context

Always start by loading the context:

```powershell
python mcp-global-rules/mcp.py autocontext
```

---

By using these tools, you will be able to perform advanced tasks like security audits, bug prediction, and autonomous collaboration with other agents.

Commit message:

refactor: Upgrade Agent Backend architecture to match strict layer rules (Services & Controllers)

mcp-global/mcp_bootstrap.md, after:

# 🚀 MCP-Global Bootstrap Instructions

This document allows any AI agent to install the complete MCP-Global system into a project.

## Prerequisites
- The `mcp-global` directory (containing this file) must be present in the project root.
- **Python 3.8+** installed and in PATH.
- **Git** installed (required for hooks).

## Installation

### Windows (PowerShell)
Run the automated installer. This will copy the rules to your project root, install git hooks, and build the initial index.

```powershell
# Run the installer script
powershell -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File mcp-global/mcp-global-rules/install.ps1
```

### Linux / Mac
```bash
chmod +x mcp-global/mcp-global-rules/install.sh
./mcp-global/mcp-global-rules/install.sh
```

## Post-Install Verification
1.  **Context Check**: Run `python mcp-global-rules/mcp.py autocontext`.
2.  **Hooks**: Check that `.git/hooks/pre-commit` exists.
3.  **Docs**: Read `AI_AGENT_MCP.md` (generated in root) for available commands.

## System Integrity
The `mcp-global` folder contains the "Golden Copy" of the system.
- **Do not modify** files inside `mcp-global/` directly.
- The installer copies them to `mcp-global-rules/` in your project root.
- If you need to update the system, update `mcp-global/` and re-run the installer.
